c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.dll.config
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.pdb
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.DataProvider\obj\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.DataProvider\obj\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.DataProvider\obj\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.pdb
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.dll.config
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.pdb
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.dll.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.dll.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\obj\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\obj\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.DataProvider\obj\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.pdb
