c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.pdb
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.dll
c:\users\harsha.ravi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.Services.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.Services.pdb
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SPX.WebAPI\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.Services.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.DataProvider.pdb
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.Services.pdb
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.pdb
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.dll
C:\Users\harsha.ravi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clean\SPX.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\SPX.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
